# Name

    myshell - Command Line Interpreter


# Synopsis

    myshell


# Description

    It is a command line interpreter which is the fundamental user interface to an operating
    system. This is a simple shell.


      Internal Commands

              cd <directory>      : Changes the current default directory to <directory>.
                                    If the <directory> argument is not present, it reports
                                    the current directory. If the directory does not exist
                                    an error is reported. This command also changes the PWD
                                    environment variable.

              clr                 : Clears the screen.

              dir <directory>     : Lists the contents of directory <directory>.

              environ             : Lists all the environment strings.

              echo <comment>      : Displays <comment> on the display followed by a new line
                                    (multiple spaces/tabs may be reduced to a single space).

              help                : Displays the user manual using the more filter.

              pause               : Pauses operation of the shell until 'Enter' is pressed.

              quit                : Quits the shell.



      Concepts of I/O Redirection

              - Standard Input: The standard input stream typically carries data from a user to a program.
                              Programs that expect standard input usually receive input from a device,
                              such as a keyboard.

              - Standard Output: Standard output writes the data that is generated by a program. When the
                               standard output stream is not redirected, it will output text to the terminal.

              - Standard Error: Standard error writes the errors generated by a program that has failed at
                              some point in its execution. Like standard output, the default destination
                              for this stream is the terminal display.



      Background Program Execution

              The shell does not have to wait for a background process to end before it can run more processes.
              Within the limit of the amount of memory available, you can enter many background commands one
              after another.



      Shell Environment

              The shell environment contains shell=<pathname>/myshell where <pathname>/myshell is the full path
              for the shell executable (not a hardwired path back to your directory, but the one from which it was
              executed).
